Edit pass on STAR gateway considerations. (#10)
chris-wood/draft-unreliable-ohttp: draft-wood-ohai-unreliable-ohttp.md

## Gateway Performance and Security

> In privacy-preserving data collection systems, it is important that client reports

Author: Do you mean that the PRIO shuffler or aggregator breaks the link between the client IP address and their report?

More generally I was trying to get away from 'This is only motivated by this one proposal from another working group.' It's a good example but I didn't want to lead with Star. What about:
> In privacy-preserving data collection systems, it can be important that...

> In privacy-preserving data collection systems, it is important that client reports

Reviewer: > Do you mean that the PRIO shuffler or aggregator breaks the link between the client IP address and their report?

Nope! In Prio, each report is basically encrypted and never revealed in plaintext to an aggregator, so they leaking the IP address is not a problem.

Your proposed alternate sounds good. I might say "In _some_ privacy-preserving data collection systems, it can be important that..."

> In privacy-preserving data collection systems, it is important that client reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some privacy-preserving data collection systems such as {{STAR}}, it is important that client reports
```

containing their individual measurements are separated from any client identifying

> information, including their IP address. A protocol like the {{STAR}} proposal, which
> otherwise enforces privacy through filtering for heavy-hitters in the report data,
> can use OHTTP to send client reports to achieve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information, including their IP address. Systems like {{STAR}}, which
otherwise enforce privacy through filtering for heavy-hitters in the report data,
can use OHTTP to send client reports to achieve this separation.
```
